	FConConfig
	
What is it, why is it?
	FConConfig is a simple configuration wizard for gamepads on Linux.
	Modern video games expect an Xbox 360 controller which can lead to
	some gamepads to work in wonky ways, even if they provide a button
	layout close to that of the 360 controller.
	
	There are ways to deal with this problem, one of them being emulating
	the 360 controller by telling the xboxdrv user-mode driver which
	buttons and axes mean which. This is an effective solution and can
	make most gamepads that Linux somewhat understands work with basically
	all gamepad-enabled games of today. However, the process is somewhat
	annoying.
	
	FConConfig tries to make the process as streamlined as possible.
	It asks the user for buttons to press, records the events it receives
	from evdev and then creates a script with all the xboxdrv configurations
	ready-made. All that is left for the user to do is to run the generated
	script and start playing.
	
Installation and usage
	FConConfig requires Python 3 and the Python bindings to evdev
	installed. In addition, to make the program useful, you need the
	xboxdrv userspace driver to actually use your controller.
	
	Python 3 is likely available through your distribution software
	repository. The bindings to evdev can be installed with pip:
	-	'pip install evdev'
	
	xboxdrv is also likely in your distribution software repository.
	
	Using FConConfig is easy. You need to execute the program in
	terminal and the configuration wizard starts. You will be given
	some instructions about which buttons to press and after all the
	required inputs have been gathered, FConConfig will create a
	file called 'xboxdrv.sh' in your current directory. This script
	contains a command to run xboxdrv and the various configurations
	that are needed by xboxdrv to correctly recognize and use your
	controller. Running this script (as root, since that's an xboxdrv
	requirement) should make your gamepad work just like you configured.
	However, sometimes it will take a moment for xboxdrv to get start
	working properly, give it a minute or two to "warm up".
	
	By now you should have your controller properly configured and
	ready for action.
	
Bug reports and feedback
	If you encounter bugs, make sure to post those on the Github page.
	If the Github page is not available or you'd rather contact me
	directly send a message to "thesamsai@gmail.com".
